[SDK-3027] Update swift analytics section (#4823)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/analytics/logging_purchases.md

- Note that if the product identifier is empty, the purchase will not be logged to Braze.

### Adding properties {#properties-purchases}

> You can add metadata about custom events by passing a Dictionary populated with `Int`, `Double`, `String`, `Bool`, or `Date` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add metadata about purchases by passing a Dictionary populated with `Int`, `Double`, `String`, `Bool`, or `Date` values.
```

Refer to the [iOS class documentation][7] for additional details.

{% tabs %}

> {% tab swift %}

Reviewer: Writing a comment here for the sections aboves:
- `### Adding properties {#properties-purchases}`
  - It should read: _You can add metadata about custom events by passing a `Dictionary` populated with `Int`, `Double`, `String`, `Bool`, or `Date` values._
  - We should update the documentation link
- `### Adding quantity`
  - It should read: _You can accomplish this by passing in an `Int` for the quantity._
  - We should remove the last bullet point, it is specific to ObjC.
